you thought we had drama in the first
michigan state wisconsin game when you
see what happened to fake in
championship game is underway
watch the full back watch as he lead you
follow
to give him the first crease
this year
and that only did he throw it he threw
it leading hostile Volta that's invasive
grow as a running backs willing to have
watched ball he's going to take the
pitch and wolves it exit downs and exit
out the back side we'll watch the throw
he throws to a spot leaving his
quarterback and Mitchum perfectly
descended down field
oh pretty good spiral
you
all in a play Badgers down five first
and goal at the Spartans seven imax
handoff montee ball up the middle to the
five going to the end zone touchdown
Wisconsin and the Badgers take the lead
would 345
Wilson drops to a knee and for the
second straight year the Wisconsin
Badgers are headed to Pasadena
as the Badgers defeat Michigan State 42
239 and there's a party for badger fans
in Indianapolis tonight